Name$	Text$	ERM	Value	On	NoMP	Cosmetic	Hint$	LongHint$	(comment)-
Enabled	New Dawn						TODO: Proper text, hint and description



category:	Manage

group:	Global setting
o20	Enable mod	20	1				Enable New Dawn mod	TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o20	Disable mod	20	0				Disable New Dawn mod	TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o20	Tournament Mode	20	2				Override all chosen options with pre-defined ines	Not supported yet

group:	Manage modules
o21	Enable cosmetic enhancements	21		true		true	TODO: Proper text, hint and description	TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o22	Enable gameplay enhancements	22		true		true	TODO: Proper text, hint and description	TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o23	Enable new content	23		true		true	TODO: Proper text, hint and description	TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o24	Allow objects' replacement	24		true		true	TODO: Proper text, hint and description	TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o25	Debug tools	25		true		true	TODO: Proper text, hint and description	TODO: Proper text, hint and description


category:	Cosmetic enhancements

group:	Uncompatible with HD Mod
FizzleFade	Replace fade-to-black animation with blending when entering/leaving a town or combat			true		true	Purely cosmetic feature, fade-to-black replaced with blending effect.	{Blending Animation}
by Grayface

Purely cosmetic feature, fade-to-black replaced with blending effect.
NewGrid	New battlefield grid look			true		true	Modified combat grid.	{New battlefield grid}
by GrayFace

Modified combat grid.
SoftGridShadow	Light combat grid shadow			true		true	Lighter combat grid shadow. 	{Combat grid shadow}
by GrayFace

Modified combat grid shadow. 

group:	Trees and lakes
Trees	Static SoD		false			true	No animation, just standard trees like in SoD	{Static SoD Trees}
by New World Computing

No animation, just standard trees like in SoD
Trees	WoG animated		"oldwog"			true	Trees animated like in WoG 3.58f + animated lakes	{WoG Animated trees}
by ???

Trees animated like in old WoG 3.58f, with addition of animated lakes from 3.59 alpha. Not reocommanded to be mixed with "Faster adventure map animations".
Trees	A bit brighter green trees		"bright"			true	No animation, just brighter textures	{Brighter trees}
by ???

No animation, just brighter textures.
Trees	Animated brighter		"move"	true		true	Lakes and brighter trees with smooth animation	{Animated brighter trees}
by ???

Lakes and brighter trees with smooth animation. Preffered option.

group:	Quality of life
BuyAllCr	Buy creature button			true		true	Click on icon of castle to buy all creatures, or on icon of unit to recruit given unit	{Buy creature button}
by Jakub Grzana

Click on icon of castle to buy all creatures, or on icon of unit to recruit given unit.
Interface	Interface improvements			true		true	Fast creature split	{Interface Improvements}
by Jakub Grzana

Leftclick+Ctrl on creature in your army to create separate stack with 1 unit.
More macros will be added in the future.
QuickCombat	Quick combat settings			true		true	Every battle you can choose if you wish to play manually, using quick combat or quick combat without using mana	{Quick Combat Settings}
by Jakub Grzana

Every battle you can choose if you wish to play manually, using quick combat or quick combat without using mana.
SrHint	Shrines' hint			true		true	Show spell level you can learn in, and spell  offered after you or ally visit shrine	{Enhanced Shrines' Hint}
by Jakub Grzana

Show spell level you can learn in, and offered spell after you or ally visit shrine.
DwHint	Dwellings' hint			true		true	Show number of creatures available in controlled or allied dwelling	{Enhanced Dwellings' Hint}
by Jakub Grzana

Show number of creatures available in controlled or allied dwelling.
WhHint	Witch hut hint			true		true	Show skill offered by witch after you or ally visit her hut	{Enhanced Witch Hut Hint}
by Jakub Grzana

Show skill offered by witch after you or ally visit her hut.
ArtHint	Artifacts' hint			true		true	Show arifacts' name in hint	{Enhanced Artifacts' Hint}
by Jakub Grzana

Show arifact's name in hint.
FasterCombat	Faster combat animation			true		true	Old "fast" becomes normal, "fast' is even faster	{Faster Combat Animation}
by GrayFace

Old "fast" becomes normal, "fast' is even faster.

group:	Audiovisual
BattlePic	New battlefield pictures			true		true	Replace pictures in combat	{New Battlefield Pictures}
by Jakub Grzana

Randomly change battleground picture based on terrain. 
NewMp	New music			true		true	Replace music with new	{New music}
by Jakub Grzana

Randomize music in towns, battles and more
NewSn	New sounds			true		true	Replace sounds with new (though there is none yet)	{New sounds}
by Jakub Grzana

Randomize sounds in the game.
No new sounds yet.
SoftShadow	Light shadows on adventure map			true		true	Less dark shadows on adventure map	{Soft shadows}
by GrayFace

Lighter shadows of objects on adventure map.

FasterAdvMap	Faster adventure map animation			true		true	1.2 times faster	{Faster adventure map animations}
by GrayFace

All animations of objects on adventure map becomes 1.2 times faster, resulting in more smooth animations.
MonStandAnim	Enable "standing" animation of monsters			true		true	Monster breath, move and animate all the time	{Standing animation of monsters}
by GrayFace

Monster breath, move and animate all the time.


category:	Gameplay enhancements

group:	Quality of life
ChooseRMGTemplate	Choose RMG template when starting a random map			true			At the beginning of game with random map, show dialog to choose RMG template. 	{Choose RMG Template}
by GrayFace

At the beginning of game on randomly generated map show dialog to choose Random-Map-Generator template.
o31	Witch and Scholar enhancements	31		true			Allow players to chose if they want secondary skill offered by Witch Hut and Scholar	{Witch Hut and Scholar enhancement}
Option 31, by Jakub Grzana

Allow players to chose if they want secondary skill offered by Witch Hut and Scholar.

group:	AI-oriented scripts
FasterAI	Faster AI (smaller thinking radius)			true			Sets AI thinking radius to 8192	{Faster AI}
by Jakub Grzana

Greatly decrease AI thinking radius, reducing time required for computer players to move. Unfortunatelly, might cause AI to be much dumber.
o32	Omniscient AI	32		true			Whole map will be revealed to computer players at game start	{Omniscient AI}
Option 32, by Jakub Grzana

Whole map will be revealed to computer players at game start. Cover of darkness will still be effective. Doesn't reveal map if computer player has any human allies.
o33	Team AI	33		true			Computer players send all resources to next allied AI at the end of turn	{Team AI}
Option 33, by Jakub Grzana

At the end of turn, computer player sends all resources to next (allied) computer player.
o35	Easier neutral battles for AI	35		true			Increase statistics of computer player when fighting neutral units	{Easier battles for AI}
Option 35, by Jakub Grzana

Increase primary skills of all computer heroes while fighting with neutral stacks, resulting in less casualties.
o36	Improved AI leveling	36		true			TODO: Improved AI algorithm to choose secondary skills	{Improved AI leveling}
Option 37, by Jakub Grzana

Computer player's choose secondary skills more wisely, based on their allignment, hero type, available spells and more.

{Not finished yet.}

group:	Dwellings
o7	Dwellings accumulate creatures	7		true			All dwellings on adventure map accumulate creatures from week to week.	{Dwelling accumulate creatures}
Hardcoded

All dwellings on adventure map accumulate creatures from week to week.
o34	Accumulate creatures only if flagged	34		true			Only flagged dwellings accumulate creatures.	{Flagged dwelling accumulate}
Option 34, by Jakub Grzana

Only flagged dwellings accumulate creatures. Requires enabled "Dwelling accumulate creatures" to work.
o8	Dwellings accumulate guards	8		true			All dwellings on adventure map accumulate guard.	{Dwellings accumulate guard}
Hardcoded

All dwellings on adventure map accumulate guard.


category:	New content

group:	New mechanics
o41	Bad luck	41		true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o4	Town demolition	4		true			Players can demolish towns by right-clicking on a town building while a hero is visiting the town
o2	Leave troops by right-clicking on adventure map	2		true			A single stack of troops can be left on an empty square adjacent to the hero by right-clicking on the map
o10	Troops left will rejoin their owner	10		true			If a hero "attacks" a stack of troops previously left on an empty square by the same player, the troops will rejoin the hero
o42	Three skills on level up	42		true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o43	Mithril usage	43		true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description

group:	Commanders
o3	Commanders are enabled	3		true			Commanders are enabled and each hero begins the game with one unless the "must be hired" option is also selected
o6	Commanders must be hired	6		true			Commanders are enabled but heroes do not start with them. They may be hired for 1000 gold from any town a player owns.

group:	Objects
o44	Sanctuary of Commanders	44		true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o45	Market of time	45		true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o46	Reworked Creature Banks	46		true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o47	New Creature Banks	47		true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o48	Shrine of magic mind	48		true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o49	School of Wizardry	49		true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o50	Living skull	50		true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description

group:	Stack experience
o900	Enable stack experience	900		true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o901	All stacks gain full experience 	901	0	true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o901	(untested) Experience shared equally among stacks	901	3	true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o901	(untested) Lower level stacks gain more exp	901	1	true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o901	(untested) Higher level stacks gain more exp	901	2	true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description

group:	Rebalanced secondary skills
o51	Armory	51		true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o52	Sorcery	52		true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o53	Resistance	53		true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o54	Mysticism	54		true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o55	Estates	55		true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o56	First Aid	56		true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o57	Pathfinding	57		true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o58	Learning	58		true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o59	Artillery	59		true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description

group:	Rebalanced creatures
o60	Castle	60		true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o61	Rampart	61		true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o62	Tower	62		true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o63	Inferno	63		true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o64	Necropolis	64		true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o65	Dungeon	65		true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o66	Stronghold	66		true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o67	Fortress	67		true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o68	Conflux	68		true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description
o69	Neutral	69		true			TODO: Proper text, hint and description


category:	Map

group:	Object replacement
RepRes	Replace some resources with mithril			true			TODO: Proper text, hint, description
RepCr	Replace some creatures with WoG creatures			true			TODO: Proper text, hint, description
RepDw	Replace some dwellings with WoG dwellings			true			TODO: Proper text, hint, description
RepBk	Replace some creature banks with WoG creature banks			true			TODO: Proper text, hint, description

group:	Town Enhancements
TownDw	Normalised dwellings			true			TODO: Proper text, hint, description
TownNoForts	All towns start with no fort			true			TODO: Proper text, hint, description
TownAiForts	All AI towns start with fort			true			TODO: Proper text, hint, description